Wiki Updation #3 (#153)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/guides/introduction.md

# Introduction
In this guide, you will learn how to create a discord bot in BDFD.

### Creating a Bot
- Go to [Discord Developer](https://discord.com/developers/applications) portal.
- Click on *"New Application"* button and provide a name to your application.
- In top-left corner, click on the hamburger icon `≡` and select *"Bots"* tab.
- Then, press *"Add Bot"* button to create a discord bot.
- Once done, click on *"Reset Token"* button and copy your bot token.

>    > ⚠️ Never share your discord bot token publicly to anyone. *[Learn more](../resources/security.md#sharing-tokens)*

Reviewer: Just to anyone! Never share your bot token with ANYONE

```suggestion
   > ⚠️ Never share your discord bot token with anyone. *[Learn more](../resources/security.md#sharing-tokens)*
```

- Now, open your BDFD app *(If you haven't installed the app yet, head over to [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jakubtomana.discordbotdesinger)/[App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/bot-designer-for-discord/id1495536477) and download it)* and click *"Create New Bot"*.
   > 📝 Make sure when you are creating a new bot, your discord account is logged-in in BDFD app. So that, you don't lose access to your bot in future.
- Enter bot name and it's token *(the one which you have copied it earlier from discord developer portal)*.

> - If you have a [share code](./sharecode.md) to use, toggle on *"Use share code"* and put your shared code in the text field.

Reviewer: The `to use` is unnecessary

```suggestion
- If you have a [share code](./sharecode.md), toggle on *"Use share code"* and put your shared code in the text field.
```

> - After agreeing terms of service of both [BDFD](https://botdesignerdiscord.com/tos) app & [Discord](https://discord.com/terms)'s, click on "Create bot" to create your discord bot.

Reviewer: Should be `agreeing to the terms of service`

```suggestion
- After agreeing to the terms of service of both [BDFD](https://botdesignerdiscord.com/tos) app & [Discord](https://discord.com/terms)'s, click on "Create bot" to create your discord bot.
```
